.TH EAGINE-CORE-SENSORS-LOG 1 "2024-01-05" "EAGine sensors log"
.SH "NAME"
eagine-core-sensors-log \- System sensor value logger.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B eagine-core-sensors-log
[
OPTIONS
]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This executable reads the values of some system sensors, like temperature, CPU
load, memory and swap usage, etc. and writes them to the log in specified time
intervals.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB-\h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show a help message and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
print the version number and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\-at\-least\fR <\fIMAJOR.MINOR[.PATCH[.COMMIT]]\fR>
checks if the version is at least the specified semantic version number.
If the version is less than the specified number, exits with non-zero result.
.TP
\fB\-\-min\-log\-severity\fR <\fIfatal\fR|\fIerror\fR|\fIwarning\fR|\fIchange\fR|\fIinfo\fR|\fIstat\fR|\fIdebug\fR|\fItrace\fR|\fIbacktrace\fR>
specifies the minimum log event severity. Only log events with severity equal
or higher to the specified log level are written to the log entry stream sink
(\fIfatal\fR being the highest and \fIbacktrace\fR the lowest level respectively).
.TP
\fB\-\-use\-asio\-log\fR [\fISOCKET-PATH\fR]
selects ASIO local client socket-based logger backend. The following parameter
specifies the file-system path of an existing local socket. A corresponding
log server must be running and accepting connections on that socket.
.TP
\fB\-\-use\-asio\-nw\-log\fR [\fIHOST\fR[:\fIPORT\fR]]
selects ASIO TCP/IP client socket-based logger backend. The following parameter
specifies the host and port of an existing network socket. A corresponding
log server must be running and accepting connections on that socket.
.TP
\fB\-\-use\-cerr\-log\fR
selects the standard error output logger backend.
.TP
\fB\-\-use\-null\-log\fR
selects the \fINULL\fR logger backend. All log entries will be discarded.
.TP
\fB\-\-use\-syslog\fR
selects the \fIsyslog\fR logger backend.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-format\-json\fR
selects the \fIJSON\fR log entry stream format (the default).
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-use\-spinlock\fR
specifies that the selected backend should use spin-locks as a thread synchronization
mechanism instead of mutexes.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-use\-no\-lock\fR
specifies that no thread synchronization mechanism shall be used in the selected
logger backend. This is useful for single-thread logging programs.
.TP
\fB--app-sensors-log-log-interval\fR <\fITIME\fR>
specifies the time interval (like 30s, 5min, 1hr, etc.) in which the sensor
values are logged.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Matus Chochlik, chochlik@gmail.com
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright (c) 2023-2024 Matus Chochlik
.PP
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the Boost Software License, Version 1.0.
(See a copy at https://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt)
