.TH EAGINE-CORE-LOG-SERVER 1 "2024-01-05" "EAGine log server"
.SH "NAME"
eagine-core-log-server \- Server processing logs from \fBEAGine\fR executables.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B eagine-core-log-server
[
OPTIONS
]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This executable listens on UNIX local and/or network sockets for logger
connections from \fBEAGine\fR executables, processes, presents and stores
the logged data in various formats, for example into a PostgreSQL or InfluxDB
databases or as a pretty-tree-formatted text stream.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
show a help message and exit.
.TP
\fB--version\fR
print the version number and exit.
.TP
\fB--version-at-least\fR <\fIMAJOR.MINOR[.PATCH[.COMMIT]]\fR>
checks if the version is at least the specified semantic version number.
If the version is less than the specified number, exits with non-zero result.
.TP
\fB--istream\fR
read the log data from the standard input.
.TP
\fB--local\fR [\fISOCKET\fR]
accept client connections on the specified UNIX local socket and read the log
data from the clients. If the \fISOCKET\fR path is omitted, then the default
\fB/tmp/eagine-log\fR is used.
.TP
\fB--network\fR [\fIADDRESS:PORT\fR]
accept client connections on the specified IP address and port and read the log
data from the clients. If the \fIADDRESS\fR or \fIPORT\fR is omitted then
the default \fBlocalhost:34917\fR is used.
.TP
\fB--influxdb\fR <\fIURL\fR>
store the processed log data into an \fBInfluxDB\fR instance. The \fIURL\fR
should be in the following format: \fBhttp://localhost:8086/api/v2?token=TOKEN\fR.
.TP
\fB--libpq\fR <\fIURL\fR>
store the processed log data into a \fBPostgreSQL\fR instance. The \fIURL\fR
should be in the following format: \fBpostgresql://eagilog:PASSWORD@eagilog_postgres/eagilog\fR.
.TP
\fB--text-tree\fR
aggregate the log data from all streams and format it as a pretty-printed text tree.
Use together with the \fB--ostream\fR, \fB--socat\fR, \fB--netcat\fR options
to specify how the formatted output should be provided.
.TP
\fB--ostream\fR
print the formatted text output into the standard output. Use together with
one of the text format options like \fB--text-tree\fR.
.TP
\fB--socat\fR [\fISOCKET\fR]
accept client connections on the specified UNIX local socket and write the formatted
text output to all connected clients. If the \fISOCKET\fR path is omitted, then
the default \fB/tmp/eagine-text-log\fR is used.
Use together with one of the text format options like \fB--text-tree\fR.
.TP
\fB--netcat\fR [\fIADDRESS:PORT\fR]
accept client connections on the specified UNIX local socket and write the formatted
text output to all connected clients. If the \fIADDRESS\fR or \fIPORT\fR is
omitted then the default \fBlocalhost:34915\fR is used. Use together with one
of the text format options like \fB--text-tree\fR.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Matus Chochlik, chochlik@gmail.com
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright (c) 2023-2024 Matus Chochlik
.PP
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the Boost Software License, Version 1.0.
(See a copy at http://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt)
